fix typos and minor edits (#24)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/05-glue/04-optparse.md

    )
```

> `strOption` is a parser builder. It is a function that takes a combined
> *option modifiers* as argument, and returns a parser that will parse a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`strOption` is a parser builder. It is a function that takes a combined
*option modifiers* as an argument, and returns a parser that will parse a string.
```

fmap (f . g) == fmap f . fmap g
```

> Any type `f` that implements `fmap` and follows these laws is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any type `f` that can implement `fmap` and follow these laws can be a valid
```

I think the old phrasing is important, as it refers not existing types, but future types (perhaps written by the learner) as well.

clearly see that `mapMaybe id (Just x) == Nothing`.

This is a good example of how Haskell doesn't help us make sure the laws

> are satisfied, and why they are important? Unlawful `Functor` instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are satisfied, and why they are important. Unlawful `Functor` instances
```
A period is more appropriate here because we are not actually asking a question.
